- IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
YES!
- OOH, AND THERE'S GONNA BE
A LITTLE BIT MORE JIGGLE
IN MY WIGGLE
AFTER ALL OF THOSE
BIRTHDAY PANCAKES.
AND THEY WERE DELICIOUS,
EVEN IF I DID
HAVE TO MAKE THEM MYSELF.
- IN OUR DEFENSE,
WE WOKE UP AND YOU WERE
ALREADY HERE COOKING.
- IN MY DEFENSE,
I WAS HUNGRY.
BESIDES, WHO SLEEPS LATE WHEN
YOU HAVE GUESTS IN THE HOUSE?
- GUESTS DON'T USUALLY BREAK IN.
HOW ABOUT WE OPEN THESE PRESENTS
AND GET YOU ON YOUR WAY?
- MINE FIRST.
- OOH, YES.
AND IT IS...
A ROCK.
- IT'S NOT A ROCK.
- IT IS A DOORSTOP.
A PAPERWEIGHT.
WEAPON.
COME ON, GIVE ME SOMETHING.
- IT'S A TURTLE
FOR YOUR TURTLE COLLECTION.
- I DON'T COLLECT TURTLES.
UNTIL TODAY.
AND THIS IS THE FIRST ONE
AND VERY SPECIAL.
- I GAVE YOU A TURTLE
FOR CHRISTMAS, REMEMBER?
- THE RED ROCK?
WELL, I'M GOING TO PUT THIS ONE
NEXT TO THAT ONE,
WHICH I MOST DEFINITELY
DID NOT THROW IN THE GARBAGE.
- MY TURN.
- MM.
- I SAW IT ON TV.
IT'S A SPECIAL NECKLACE
FOR WHEN YOU FALL DOWN.
BUT THE MONTHLY FEES
ARE ON YOU.
- DON'T GET IT TWISTED,
LITTLE BOY.
I'M NOT MUCH OLDER
THAN YOUR DADDY.
- AND YOUR BIRTHDAY'S
COMING UP.
BAM.
GIFT IDEA.
[laughs]
- BAM.
KEEP THINKING.
- I GOT YOU SOMETHING
YOU'LL LIKE.
- OH.
OOH, A GIFT CERTIFICATE
FOR A MANI-PEDI.
- OH, I COULDN'T AFFORD
YOUR USUAL PLACE.
THIS ONE'S JUST AS GOOD,
BUT GO EARLY IN THE DAY.
THAT'S WHEN THEY CHANGE
THE WATER IN THE FOOT BATHS.
- AND LAST
BUT NOT LEAST,
SOMETHING FROM ME AND CHARLIE.
- YES!
I KNOW WHAT IT IS!
IT IS THAT MIKIMOTO
PEARL NECKLACE
THAT I HAVE BEEN DROOLING OVER.
OR SOMETHING I DON'T WANT.
- MAGGIE, YOU'LL LOVE IT.
YOU CAN READ BOOKS,
PLAY GAMES,
DOWNLOAD APPS
FOR YOUR DIFFERENT INTERESTS.
- MY INTEREST IS PEARLS.
- ALL SORTS OF THINGS
YOU CAN DO
AT YOUR OWN HOUSE.
- THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S KIND OF A PRESENT
FOR EVERYBODY.
[laughs]
[funky music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ YEAH ♪
- ♪ HUH, HUH-HUH, HUH ♪
♪ HUH, HUH-HUH, HUH ♪
♪ HUH-HUH ♪
- ♪ YEAH ♪
- ♪ HUH, HUH-HUH, HUH ♪
♪ HUH, HUH-HUH, HUH ♪
- ♪ OOH, OOH, OOH ♪
[funky music]
- HI, HI, HI.
- BYE, BYE, BYE.
- WHERE YOU GUYS GOING?
- THE BALLET.
- CHILD, I WILL BREAK
THAT FINGER.
- WE'RE GONNA GO WATCH
THE SIXERS WHUP THE KNICKS.
- WHY ARE YOU WEARING
TWO JACKETS?
- WATCH THIS.
JAMES, IT'S GONNA RAIN LATER.
YOU'LL NEED A JACKET.
- NAH, I'M GOOD.
- THAT'S WHY.
- OH, SWEETHEART, YOU HAVE NOT
BEEN MARRIED LONG ENOUGH
TO LET IT ALL HANG OUT
THAT HARD.
- AARON'S SCHOOL
IS DOING BEAUTIFICATION DAY.
AND WE'RE PICKING UP TRASH
ALONG THE ROADSIDE.
- WELL, YOU DO KNOW
IT'S GONNA RAIN LATER,
SO I GUESS IT'S OKAY THAT
YOU HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING
WITH YOUR...
ANYTHING.
- OH, HUSH.
I'M DOING THE MOM THING,
AND I AM KICKING BUTT.
SO FAR THIS WEEK,
I'VE HIT TWO SOCCER GAMES,
HAD A TEACHER'S CONFERENCE,
PULLED AN ALL-NIGHTER
MAKING COSTUMES,
CLOCKED 300 MILES
RUNNING CARPOOL, AND TODAY,
I'M VOLUNTEERING TO PICK UP
TRASH AND ROADKILL.
- AFTER A WEEK LIKE THAT,
I'D FEEL LIKE ROADKILL.
- WELL, YOU'RE NOT ME.
BUT I WISH YOU WERE.
I AM EXHAUSTED.
I HAD NO IDEA
WHAT I WAS SIGNING UP FOR.
- YOU DIDN'T SEE THEM CHILDREN
AT THE WEDDING?
- I'M GOING TO GO WAIT
FOR THE VAN.
WE GET TO TOUCH DEAD STUFF.
- WITH GLOVES.
[groans]
EVERY WEEK'S
BEEN CRAZY LIKE THIS.
I CAN'T EVEN
GET A MANICURE.
LOOK AT THIS RAGGEDY CLAWS.
- OH, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY'RE RELATED TO ME.
HONEY, BLOW OFF
THE GARBAGE PARTY
AND GO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.
- THERE IS A VAN FULL OF MOMS
PICKING US UP IN TEN MINUTES.
ANYWAY, I CAN'T TELL AARON
I'D RATHER DO MY NAILS
THAN CLEAN UP THE PLANET.
- SO LIE.
- YOU DON'T LIE TO KIDS.
- OF COURSE YOU DO.
I LIED TO YOU ALL THE TIME.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
THEY TORE DOWN THE ZOO
WHEN YOU WERE SEVEN?
- WHAT?
YOU DROVE ME THERE.
I SAW IT WITH MY OWN EYES.
- THAT WAS A CONSTRUCTION SITE.
I GOT THERE
BEFORE THE WORKERS ARRIVED,
THREW A LITTLE HAY AROUND...
- BUT MOM, I LOVED THE ZOO.
I WAS ALWAYS BEGGING TO GO.
- AND THEN YOU STOPPED.
BRILLIANT.
- I EVEN TOOK UP A COLLECTION
FOR THOSE HOMELESS ANIMALS.
- HONEY, IF YOU MISS THE ZOO
SO MUCH,
TAKE YOUR OWN
THREE CHILDREN THERE.
MM-HMM, WALK AROUND
IN THE HOT SUN ALL DAY
TO NOT SEE THE LION 'CAUSE
HE'S SLEEPING BEHIND A ROCK.
THEN DROP $50 ON A HOT DOG LUNCH
AND BATHE IN THE SHRIEKING
OF OTHER PEOPLE'S CHILDREN.
- WHY ARE YOU HERE AGAIN?
- I FORGOT MY PASSWORD.
- OKAY, WHAT WERE YOU DOING
WHEN YOU SET IT UP?
- MERLOT.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
- WE COULD HAVE FIGURED THAT OUT
WITH A PHONE CALL.
VAN'S HERE.
IT'S STARTING TO RAIN.
WE'RE GONNA GET MUDDY!
- MUDDY ROADKILL.
COOL.
UH...
EXCEPT I, UM...
I LOST MY KEYS
TO THE HOUSE.
I CAN'T LOCK THE DOOR.
I SURE WOULDN'T WANT ANYTHING
TO GET STOLEN,
LIKE OUR FURNITURE
OR YOUR POPSICLES.
- YOU STAY HERE
AND GUARD THE FREEZER.
BYE.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE
I JUST LIED TO A CHILD.
- AND?
- IT'S LIKE...
MAGIC.
[funky music]
- HEY, STEPH?
CAN YOU PLEASE MAKE ME
ONE OF YOUR FAMOUS SANDWICHES?
- SURE.
- ONLY INSTEAD OF
HAM AND CHEDDAR,
CAN I GET TURKEY AND SWISS?
AND CAN I GET IT MELTED
ALL THE WAY THROUGH
INSTEAD OF TOASTED?
OH, AND SLICED AVOCADO
INSTEAD OF TOMATO.
I REALLY LOVE THAT.
THANKS SO MUCH.
- UH, YOU KNOW, I CAN'T.
I BURNED MY HAND.
- REALLY?
LET ME SEE.
- OH, NO, NO.
I HAVE IT ON ICE.
YOU COULD MAKE
YOUR OWN SANDWICH.
- EH, WHO WANTS
TO DO ALL THAT WORK?
- NOT ME.
[Bach's Toccata and Fugue
in D minor plays]
[sinister ringtone]
- HI, MOM.
UH, YOU KNOW,
I CAN'T TALK RIGHT NOW.
I'M AT THE MALL.
THERE'S A HUGE SALE
AT THE COOKIE EMPORIUM.
IT'S A MADHOUSE.
HEY, LADY.
GET YOUR HAND OFF
MY CHOCOLATE CHIP.
- GAME RECOGNIZES GAME.
- MOM, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU JUST WENT HOME
THREE HOURS AGO.
- YEAH,
BECAUSE THIS THING,
IT WORKS SO MUCH BETTER
OVER HERE.
I DON'T HAVE WI-FI.
- THEN GO TO A CAFE.
- I DON'T FEEL LIKE COFFEE.
- HOW ABOUT A MUFFIN?
- OH, THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
AND WHILE YOU'RE THE KITCHEN,
I'LL TAKE A COFFEE.
[doorbell rings]
- AH, WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT?
A PERSON WHO KNOWS
THE PROPER WAY
TO ENTER SOMEONE ELSE'S HOME.
- GOOD AFTERNOON.
WE'RE HAVING
A ONE-WEEK ONLY SPECIAL
ON HOME SECURITY
IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD.
- OH, I'M SORRY.
I CAN'T RIGHT NOW.
I JUST GOT OUT OF THE SHOWER.
- I'LL COME BACK
AT A BETTER TIME.
- OH, NO CAN DO.
WE'RE MOVING OUT FRIDAY.
- KA-BOOM.
YOU JUST LIED TO THAT GUY.
- NO.
NO, I DIDN'T.
I KIND OF TOLD THE TRUTH.
- THAT WASN'T THE TRUTH AT ALL.
- I DID JUST TAKE A SHOWER.
THIS MORNING.
LOOK, THAT GUY WAS WASTING
HIS TIME, OKAY?
SOMETIMES LYING CAN BE AN ACT
OF KINDNESS
TO HELP PEOPLE
GET THROUGH THE DAY.
SO IT WASN'T A LIE.
IT WAS A...
NON-LITERAL SHADING
OF REALITY.
- OKAY.
THAT'S COOL.
- I DIDN'T JUST LIE.
I LIED ABOUT LYING
TO MY CHILD.
- AND THUS THE STUDENT
BECOMES THE MASTER.
- WE'RE SORRY
TO INTERRUPT, MR. SUMMERS,
BUT JAMES HERE
HAS TOLD ME SOMETHING
A LITTLE DISTURBING ABOUT WHY
HE COULDN'T DO HIS HOMEWORK.
- WELL, OF COURSE.
COME ON IN.
- JAMES, IT'S OKAY.
YOU CAN TELL THE PRINCIPAL
WHAT HAPPENED
IN YOUR HOUSE LAST NIGHT.
- REALLY?
HE SEEMS TOO BUSY
TO LISTEN TO MY LITTLE TROUBLES.
I GUESS I'LL JUST
SCOOT ON BACK TO CLASS.
GOOD TALK.
- OH, I'M NEVER TOO BUSY
FOR ONE OF MY STUDENTS, JAMES.
GO AHEAD AND TELL ME
WHAT YOU TOLD MRS. MARCHANT.
- WELL, I WANTED
TO DO MY HOMEWORK.
OF COURSE, I DO LOVE FRACTIONS.
1/2, 5/8,
CRAZY STUFF.
BUT I COULDN'T
BECAUSE MY PARENTS
LOCKED ME IN THE BASEMENT.
- YOU CAN SEE
WHY I BROUGHT HIM DOWN HERE.
- YES.
TELL ME MORE
ABOUT YOUR TIME IN THE BASEMENT.
- WELL, YOU KNOW BASEMENTS.
THEY'RE ALL DARK
AND I HAVE TO SIT ON THE DRYER.
- WHY WOULD YOU HAVE
TO SIT ON THE DRYER?
- GLAD YOU ASKED.
'CAUSE...
THE FLOOR'S TOO SCARY.
- WHY IS THE FLOOR SCARY?
- BECAUSE OF...
GATORS.
- GATORS.
- YEAH, THAT'S IT.
BECAUSE YOU KNOW HOW PEOPLE
FLUSH GATORS DOWN THE TOILET
AND THEY GO INTO THE SEWERS?
WELL, ONE GOT UP
INTO OUR BASEMENT
AND NOW IT'S GIANT
FROM EATING ALL OUR RATS.
- I PROBABLY SHOULD HAVE ASKED
SOME FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS FIRST.
- WELL, JAMES,
THAT'S A VERY SAD STORY
THAT YOU'VE TOLD.
- I KNOW,
BUT IT'S OKAY.
I'M TOUGH.
- I MEAN IT'S SAD
THAT YOU THOUGHT I'D BELIEVE IT.
YOU'RE LYING.
AND LYING HAS CONSEQUENCES.
FOR INSTANCE,
YOU WILL SPEND LUNCH TODAY
IN DETENTION
DOING THAT HOMEWORK.
- THAT'S NOT FAIR.
I ONLY LIED BECAUSE MY STEPMOM
SAID IT WAS OKAY.
SHE SAID LYING
IS AN ACT OF KINDNESS
THAT HELPS A PERSON
GET THROUGH THE DAY.
SO HOW YOUR DAY GOING?
- OOH, HEY, HONEY.
- HEY.
- YOU'RE HERE
BEFORE ME.
LOOK, YOU DON'T NEED
TO TAKE OFF WORK FOR THIS, OKAY?
I CAN HANDLE IT.
WHY DON'T YOU
GO BACK TO THE HOSPITAL
AND DO SOME OF THAT
HEART FIX-Y STUFF?
- NOW, NOW, THAT'S SWEET,
BUT I'M ALREADY HERE.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S GOTTEN INTO JAMES.
HE'S PULLED
A LOT OF STUNTS BEFORE,
BUT HE'S NEVER LIED
TO HIS TEACHERS.
- YEAH, BUT THIS IS JUST
GONNA GET YOU UPSET.
SO WHY DON'T YOU GO,
AND I'LL FILL YOU IN AT HOME.
- OH, STEPHANIE,
I'M NOT LEAVING.
- WELL, THEN I'LL GO.
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
HE SPECIFICALLY SAID
THAT HE WANTED BOTH OF US HERE.
I WONDER WHY.
- I BET HE'S GIVING US
A BIG OLD TROPHY
FOR BEING THE BEST PARENTS EVER.
- TROPHY.
YOU DIDN'T SPEND MUCH TIME
IN YOUR SCHOOL PRINCIPAL'S
OFFICE, DID YOU?
- NOT REALLY.
BECAUSE I'M GOOD.
IT'S IMPORTANT
YOU REMEMBER THAT, CHARLIE.
I'M GOOD.
- SORRY TO KEEP YOU WAITING.
PLEASE HAVE A SEAT.
BOYS' ROOM TOILET BACKED UP.
STATE CUTBACKS.
GLAD I GOT THAT PhD.
"A NON-LITERAL
SHADING OF REALITY."
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHERE JAMES WOULD LEARN TO
JUSTIFY LYING LIKE THAT?
- [scoffs]
PLAYGROUNDS.
NEIGHBOR'S KIDS.
THEY ARE KIND OF SKETCHY.
THE LITTLE GIRL
WITH THE RAT FACE.
- ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
IT WAS ME.
BUT MY MOTHER STARTED IT.
- I CAN SEE WHY JAMES
IS HAVING SOME TROUBLE
TAKING RESPONSIBILITY
FOR HIS ACTIONS.
- YOU TOLD JAMES
TO LIE.
- NO, NO, NO.
I WAS LYING,
AND I WAS EXPLAINING
WHY IT WASN'T A LIE.
AND THAT'S THE TRUTH.
CHARLIE,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
I GOT OVERWHELMED WITH ALL
OF THIS NEW PARENTING STUFF,
AND A LITTLE LIE
HERE AND THERE MADE IT EASIER,
AND I GUESS I JUST STARTED
DOING IT KIND OF A LOT.
- WHAT'S A LOT?
- WELL, IF YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT LAST NIGHT,
THAT WAS REAL.
YOU'RE AMAZING.
LOOK, I NEVER THOUGHT
MY LYING
WOULD MAKE JAMES LIE.
- WELL, THAT'S WHAT KIDS DO.
THEY FOLLOW YOUR EXAMPLE.
- HONEY, I AM SO SORRY.
I FEEL AWFUL.
I REALLY BLEW IT.
- OH, LOOK.
HONESTY'S BACK.
- I WAS BEING HONEST
WHEN I SAID YOU WERE AMAZING.
- OKAY, WE'RE DONE HERE.
[funky music]
- BIG SMILES AGAIN,
EVERYONE.
THIS IS GONNA BE MY WALLPAPER.
[all groaning]
COME ON, NOW.
WE CAN BE HERE
ALL DAY LONG.
I GOT A VERY STEADY HAND
AND NOWHERE TO GO.
[camera clicks]
NOPE. NOPE.
THAT'S A PICTURE OF ME AGAIN.
- [groans]
- THERE'S ONLY THREE BUTTONS.
- AND THEY ALL
DO THE WRONG THING.
- FAMILY MEETING.
NOW.
- DAD, WE'RE RIGHT HERE.
- GOOD.
- YOU SEE THIS FACE?
[camera clicks]
YOU DID THIS.
- I GOT THAT ONE.
WHOA, YOU'RE MAD.
- OKAY, EVERYBODY TAKE A SEAT.
GOOD.
WE NEED TO TALK
ABOUT VALUES.
THIS FAMILY
TELLS THE TRUTH
NO MATTER WHAT.
BUT THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN TODAY.
- THIS HAS A COMPASS.
WHAT I NEED WITH A COMPASS?
- TO FIND YOUR WAY HOME.
THAT SEEMS TO BE A PROBLEM.
- HEY, LIAR LIAR
AND PANTS ON FIRE.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO BOTH PAY ATTENTION.
YOU CAN NEVER GO WRONG
TELLING THE TRUTH.
HONESTY HAS ITS REWARDS.
YES.
- I TOOK $20
FROM YOUR WALLET YESTERDAY.
- AH.
YOU'RE GROUNDED.
- WHAT?
WHERE'S MY REWARD?
- ANYONE ELSE?
- JAMES ALSO BROKE THE REMOTE.
- HEY.
- AND HE SCRATCHED
STEPHANIE'S CAR WITH HIS BIKE.
- HE MEANT BE HONEST
ABOUT YOURSELF.
- YOU SCRATCHED MY CAR
AND THEN YOU WATCHED ME
MAKE A VALET CRY?
- YEAH, WELL,
GABBY BROKE THE BATHROOM WINDOW.
- THAT WAS YOU.
- YUP.
- NOW, I BROKE
THE KITCHEN WINDOW.
I NEED TO STOP TALKING.
- OKAY, YOU OWE ME $20,
A NEW REMOTE, SOME WINDOWS--
I'VE LOST TRACK.
BUT TWO WEEKS
WITH NO ELECTRONICS
FOR LYING AT SCHOOL.
- DID YOU KNOW THAT'S NORTH?
- SO YOU NEVER LIE, DADDY?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S HOW I WAS RAISED.
- MM-HMM.
- "MM-HMM"?
WHAT "MM-HMM"?
- NOTHING.
- NO, SAY IT.
- I JUST REMEMBER ONE TIME
YOU WEREN'T VERY HONEST.
- WHEN?
- WHEN WE FIRST MET.
- UH, NAME IT.
DON'T MAKE THE ACCUSATION
IF YOU CAN'T BACK IT UP.
- FINE.
YOU DIDN'T TELL ME
YOU WERE DIVORCED
UNTIL OUR THIRD DATE
OR THAT YOU HAD KIDS
UNTIL OUR FOURTH.
- WHAT?
- THAT'S MESSED UP.
- WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL HER
ABOUT US, DADDY?
- BECAUSE I DIDN'T KNOW
HOW SERIOUS
THE RELATIONSHIP
WAS GONNA GET.
- IS THAT RIGHT?
WE HAD A PRETTY SERIOUS
SECOND DATE, IF I RECALL.
- WE PROBABLY WOULDN'T HAVE HAD
A PRETTY SERIOUS SECOND DATE
IF I HAD TOLD YOU.
- SO IT'S OKAY TO LIE IF IT
MEANS GETTING WHAT YOU WANT.
- NO, I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
- THAT'S WHAT IT SOUNDED LIKE.
- YEAH, IT DID.
- MM-HMM.
- THIS IS GROWN-UP TALK.
WE'LL CONTINUE
WITH THIS CONVERSATION LATER.
COME HERE.
- YES!
I THINK I GOT THAT
ALL ON VIDEO.
AND WHAT I JUST SAID
ON VIDEO.
AND WHAT I JUST JUST SAID.
OKAY, HOW DO YOU TURN OFF
THE VIDEO?
- WHAT WERE YOU THINKING
SPILLING ALL THAT TO THE KIDS?
- YOU TIPPED ME OVER
AND IT JUST CAME POURING OUT.
- THERE IS A DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN ADULT HONESTY
AND KID HONESTY.
- OH, I THOUGHT WE WERE
A FAMILY
THAT TOLD THE TRUTH
NO MATTER WHAT.
- BUT THERE ARE THINGS CHILDREN
DON'T NEED TO KNOW.
- AND THAT'S WHEN
YOU LIE TO THEM?
- NO, THAT'S WHERE I AVOID
SITUATIONS
WHERE I'D HAVE TO LIE.
- OH, REALLY?
LET'S SEE.
- OH, HEY!
OH.
I NEED A KID.
- WAIT, I WANT TO SEE THIS.
- EXCUSE ME! HEY!
- LET'S PLAY A GAME.
- OKAY.
- GEORGE WASHINGTON.
REAL OR NOT REAL?
- REAL.
WHAT DO I WIN?
- NOT YET.
SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS.
- NOT REAL.
DUH.
- SANTA.
- REAL.
- EASTER BUNNY.
- THE TOOTH FAIRY.
- A WHOLE DOLLAR WORTH OF REAL.
- THANKS FOR PLAYING.
YOU CAN GO.
- DON'T I GET A PRIZE?
- HOW ABOUT A HUG?
- THAT'S A STUPID GAME.
- OKAY, FINE.
BUT WE ARE NOT KIDS.
BETWEEN US, THERE NEEDS TO BE
COMPLETE HONESTY.
- ARE YOU SURE
YOU WANT TO GO THERE?
- OF COURSE.
- FINE.
YOU'RE STARTING TO GROW HAIR
OUT OF YOUR EARS.
- I AM NOT.
[laughs]
HAIR OUT OF MY EAR.
YEAH.
EW.
[funky music]
- WHAT DO YOU THINK STEPHANIE
MEANT BY "PRETTY SERIOUS DATE"?
THEY HELD HANDS?
- HA.
AH, YOU'RE SO YOUNG.
I BET HE BOUGHT HER
A NUMBER FOUR COMBO MEAL.
- KNOWING DAD,
THAT SOUNDS ABOUT RIGHT.
- HEY, WHO PUT THE EMPTY
MILK CARTON BACK IN HERE?
- IT DEPENDS.
ARE WE STILL DOING
THAT HONESTY THING?
- IT'S NOT A THING.
IT'S A WAY OF LIFE.
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, GUYS.
EVERYBODY UP.
COME ON.
HANDS IN.
ON "HONESTY," OKAY?
ONE, TWO, THREE.
all: HONESTY!
- HI, HI, HI.
SO I'M ON THE FACE THING.
WHO'S GONNA HELP ME
SET UP MY PAGE?
- SORRY, IN THE MIDDLE
OF A HEART TRANSPLANT.
JUST CAME HOME
FOR JUICE.
- I'VE GOT JURY DUTY.
- HOMEWORK.
- PLAY DATE.
- COMPUTERS AREN'T REAL.
- JAMES, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I TOLD YOU TO RAKE UP THE LEAVES
OUT FRONT.
- I WAS DOING THAT,
AND THEN I GOT SCARED.
- WHY?
THERE'S GATORS OUT THERE?
- WORSE.
CLOWNS. LOTS OF THEM.
- SERIOUSLY, CLOWNS?
- YEAH, BIG RED NOSES,
CRAZY HAIR, GIANT SHOES.
YOU KNOW THEY GIVE ME
NIGHTMARES.
[doorbell rings]
- JAMES, I CAN'T BELIEVE AFTER
EVERYTHING WE'VE BEEN THROUGH,
YOU'RE LYING TO US AGAIN.
- HEY, LADY.
YOU GOT A PHONE?
OUR CAR BROKE DOWN
AND I GOT 12 GUYS AND A GOAT
SWEATING IN A MINI.